let's go I only do two things
sin and win and I'm feeling particularly
pious today so let's do some linen
instead of some sin and hey it's Isaac
let's not a great intro but that's fine
dude you got lemon mishap an amazing
rate of fire decent damage horrible HP
but dude yeah good good use of lemon
mishap even like just like my brain sent
a message to press the spacebar and then
a millisecond later it went hey here's
another message calling yourself an
idiot for not stopping that massive
message from reaching your fingers but
anyway we're starting at the tears cap
which is ridiculously good that's
actually like as far as I'm concerned
it's like we're starting with like eight
or nine damage hopefully this is a
library back here and we can start the
Popoff but this is actually from a tear
standpoint I would describe this as an
11 out of 10 we never start with 5 rate
of fire maybe if you got soy milk you
start with 1 which admittedly is better
but your damage is going to suffer
obviously we've got other problems on
this run like for example not sure if
you've noticed but my HP is literally
zero but well his zero plus a little
asterisk that says uh you know act like
you've been there before I hate that
room just like it's a jerk room and I
don't like it I think we should try to
buy the 15 cent item I don't expect it
to be a spirit heart but it could be
something that's useful for us
regardless it might be worth a shot here
let it even see that there was a second
button there which is my own bad not
that it ended up mattering let's try it
it's habit which is good although a
little bit not essential for the present
moment so as much as I've tried there
there's no way out we basically just
have to not take damage which is why I'm
going to our item room ideally ideally
first we're going to go to this item
room
to week to week so wins all erased by
this freakin Tomo monster shot a bomb
off screen I can't even see let's go I'm
back I'm not Mauro still a good rate of
fire decent speed terrible spacebar
items but dude I'm actually my mood went
from like a nine to a four right there
I'm not mad though I can't really be mad
at anybody but myself even though if I
think both of the hits that we took
there were a little rich like the the
TNT room I just hate I walked in moved
literally zero as far as I'm concerned
at least and was was summarily hit for
one full heart and then I got hit by a
bomb effectively from an enemy that did
one full hearts I mean what can I say
you know that's the kind of damage you
got to avoid if you're going to pop off
with a big streak you might be saying an
island districts over what about
starting like a new save file I don't
know to be honest with you the my my
tilt factor on that is to err on the
side of not having a new save file
because I think it was like not
necessarily 50/50 but a pretty even
split in terms of like what people
wanted to see and then I thought about
it and I was like I love the zany
interactions between the items that's my
driving force and Isaac do I really want
to do ten runs that only go to Mom's
hearts are people really going to want
to watch ten runs that only go to moms
heart and then you know another ten runs
that only go to Satan and another 10
that only go to the Cathedral etc
etcetera so
I'm out of two minds about it still if
there's like an overwhelming push to go
for that than I understand but I'm kind
of like I'm in crossword puzzle mode
right now with these with these even
runs I've been having a good time on
them I am beyond displeased that I
squandered a tear cap start but it was
kind of under exceptional circumstances
the two pieces of damage we took they're
not unavoidable of course but hard to
avoid for certain it is a bummer though
nonetheless is that a Tomo buddy you
want soon hello all well I'm going to
show so long everybody Domo
so Telmo how's your life been recently I
hear you've been working on a new
project uh nothing at all how's that
working out for you oh really no I hear
she's a delight to work with and uh what
was it like to work with Luca on
knocking over the all the amiibos that
are on that shelf last night not the
note no comment your silence tells me
everything I need to know if I'm being
honest with you all and she's careful
I'm going to tell you a sad story in
like 20 words it's actually going to be
like a hundred and thirty but Malthus
tweeted me well not sweet of me let's
start the story over I don't want to use
my cap yet as is left a Skype message
instead I'm going to stream player
unknowns battlegrounds anybody want to
join me no replies not because nobody
wants to play battle grounds with
madness but because you know everybody's
busy doing their own thing what geez you
know I remember everybody's got their
own version Isaac to record + the
darkest dungeon DLC came out today so
you know sin victim they're really into
that and knowing people spend time with
their families etc etc just now Malthus
has signed on playing Wolfenstein the
new order not a bad game of course but
it's like the best laid plans of mice
and men want to make a John Steinbeck
laugh tell him your plans of mice and
men ok please give me a spirit argh
that's two bombs to bombs
what's the matter meanie means just a
little prick that's a what I'm most mad
about myself saying what I'm about to
say I use the dr. evil voice for both of
those
but dr. evil is the one who says just a
little prick I forget who says the other
part might be that guy was with Willie
Nelson who might actually be a famous
country music artist and I'm making
myself look like a freaking idiot you
know who looks like a huge Willie yo get
out of here Dan close close all right
get that Skype message out of here Danny
G what are you doing sending the skype
messages you have a son it's 1143 your
time on a Monday night put that boy to
bed and then put your boy DG to bed so
you can wake up early and you know
changes diapers it's the dad pledge oh
when the dead man's testifying the
greater man believes he can bring you to
paradise or bringing it to yoni there
yes that is jazz man Lisa Simpson
featuring bleeding gums Murphy also
might be a cover I got no idea let's be
honest beams beams no shots beams let's
go deal with devil speed upgrade is very
worthwhile I dislike this early cramp oh
dude Tom all you want to exit now first
give me one more meow Oh like we've
gotta let me hear it unobstructed Oh Tom
oh he's done it thanks a lot buddy
appreciate it give it all a hand
everybody welcome to the show Telmo
thanks for being here you go see his
movie comes out this Friday it's called
the big sick
I was just the name of a movie I wanna
see not trying to suggest that you know
any of the lead actors look like cats or
anything it's a little bit of a
ridiculous tenant deposit in the first
place that's a chest anyway this run is
in a very very good spot love of coal is
a pretty good passive considering we've
got okay yeah dude so will summon a
delirious to be used here you killed you
kill a boss I'm going to roll a mega
penny here which is actually crooked
penny the reason for that is
unbelievably simple even a child can
understand it it's a better item and
it's more fun it recharges faster it
gives us more Zayn potential and is
simultaneously stronger and I resent
this for having an 11 room chair 911 but
a 12 room charge which i think is
actually ridiculous given that the item
is sort of not that good not necessarily
bad but twelve rooms to get a boss that
other bosses can kill in 10 seconds is
like extremely who cares voice when does
it come out on pc i love crooked penny
probably used it a little too much
people got a little sick of it for a
while and you know what that's fine
we've we've given it a period to cool
off a little bit and now it's like
glorious it was a lot more fun when it
could duplicate empty pedestals but you
know i understand the problem i mean i
understand but i don't understand i
understand it's not working as intended
but at the same time if you want to nerf
the item taking away the thing that like
super savvy players not saying myself
but the people who you know positive the
idea in the first place taking away
something that super savvy players can
use to win easily is a little ridiculous
when the item itself is still like a ten
out of ten
the occasional doubling or quadrupling
is worth so much more than the random
item pedestal for that igress
I digress you got to go for the free
shops we've had like a pretty good track
record on these I wouldn't suggest that
like let's try to duplicate it yeah why
not right getting another spider mod
dude get another I can see forever pill
who cares another Emperor card
duplicated dude see if I freakin where's
my spider mod oh there it is is just
kind of obscured up there and then
they're all gone but who cares we should
have but mom actually doesn't matter I
was going to say like we should have
blown up the donation machine and then
made a bunch of money and we could have
turned a profit but dude this is still
pretty sick maybe I should have bought
the fourth spider mod but why buy the
spider mods when you're getting the
spider mods for free seems pretty
foolish
I like having three spider mods walking
around you're dealing some you know
weird status effects on the regular kind
of cool and that's the reason that well
one of the many reasons that crooked
penny is our item of choice here when
the children go to bed I asked this
question because I've actually lost
touch with the real world I typically go
to bed here's the industry I work in let
me let me add a little bit of a preface
to that to make the joke hit a little
harder here's the industry I work in I
have one of the most normal sleep
schedules among my peers and I
consistently go to bed around 3:00 a.m.
so the big word there is consistent sure
you know a lot of professionals go to
bed at 3:00 a.m. and wake up at 11:00
yeah like doctors and nurses work in the
third shift understandable like we have
we have an equilibrium my sleeping
schedule never needs adjusting except
when I change time zones it's it's
pretty it's consistent which makes it
kind of a rarity in the well in our
YouTube and twitch circle at least I
don't know when normal people go to bed
but I especially don't know when
children go to bed here's let me let me
ask a question if you have a
one-year-old child they go to bed before
or after 7:00 p.m. 7:00 p.m. sounds
ridiculously early yet at the same time
isn't that like I actually am 50/50 is
what I'm trying to suggest that could be
a brave
lie or it could be extremely appropriate
I remember being like probably like
seven or eight and going to bed at
roughly 8 p.m. I also remember our
teacher in 6th grade asking us hey
what's your bedtimes and then no no
matter of fact he'll know someone in the
class said 11 p.m.
I mean this was the year 2000 but some
one of the classes at 11 p.m. and
everybody went like well no wonder you
had like a C+ average right
like we didn't say that but I mean we
were all thinking at least me and the
teacher we're thinking that I'm sure but
like 11 p.m. that's crazy so that's I
know that children go to sleep before 11
p.m. that's pretty much where my
understanding lies at this point this
kind of things you got to know because I
think about it sometimes I get Dan also
has a grade sleep schedule even though I
mean he's awake at 11:30 as time as who
cares you know it's pretty normal for an
adult you know it's when like Letterman
comes on OK I'm a hundred years old
that's when Jimmy Fallon comes on it's
not that late at night but sometimes
they'll get like a message from Dan on
skype at like 7:00 a.m. his time so
literally comes in at 4:00 a.m. my time
dude we gotta go for the double Steam
sale no it's so much better to get
everything for free than to get
everything half-price I do that again in
a heartbeat well knowing what I know I
wouldn't but you know follow the things
we're equal I would anyway that's crazy
like if Dan wakes up at 4:00 my time we
essentially are living on opposite sides
of the world because I my sleep schedule
is about one timezone off of what it
should be like I'm on you know Hawaiian
time or something like that and then he
wakes up at a normal hour three time
zones away to think about that sometimes
it's almost like like Dan's American and
I live in Japan or something
like that we only overlap for a small
portion of the day it makes me so sad
but I think that's probably I don't know
if there's any two members of the NL SS
crew that actually overlap for more than
like 14 hours in terms of like their
waking hours and I'm not sure if that's
mathematically possible to have us all
be spread distant enough to make that
happen but I know bear gets up like
early PST which probably gives them the
best chance dude let's double I want to
double familiars 20 20 24 hours ago I
want a double for me I use two five
babies yes one for baby no I want to
double familiars so it's alright got a
battery charge which is what we were
looking for in the first place here I
want like I'll settle for three farting
babies and a partridge in a pear tree
let's go so obviously I'm going to take
the hit
could have used High Priestess but we
probably would have been hit at the same
time so now we got four farting babies
behind us and the Padre are to use that
jokey treat
dude this round has been little on the
same side to the extent that I've
already forgotten the fact that we lost
our streak at the start of this video
bums me out to think about but now it's
like a memory of the time when I tried
so hard and in the end it didn't even
matter you know it's not so bad they
always talked about it as if it was a
terrible thing I don't think it's that
bad
memory is maybe better than being in the
moment we're talking about something as
as just upsetting as losing a streak in
the binding of issac that would be an
embarrassment we're going to have a deal
with the devil chance we'd like a deal
with the angel and get that
guaranteed mega stand play get dusted
you got dusted you know what the angel
HP will just snag it I mean like this
prop it's not a good now you mean I'm oh
no we lost Celtic Cross we didn't have a
bomb to blow this thing up well I do
something I can do actually unless the
door stays open which I really doubt
that it will but let's go back and try
to make it happen when did I use my last
bomb probably to blow up the shop which
allowed us to get for farting babies so
actually in hindsight I'm not really
that mad I'm that furious so we might
not be able to fight Mega Stan I would
find it in my heart to forgive myself
but it might take some time yeah let's
head downwards here I don't know what it
is you know I think different people
have different different needs when it
comes to sleep I used to have I do
insomnia again I don't like to say
because it might be like an actual
medical term some people call I have OCD
when they what they really mean is like
I prefer when my house is clean you know
see these like kids don't washing my
hands just gotta keep washing them I
don't know why I keep doing the hand
thing you know so I don't like to make
light of like actual conditions and you
know that not being able to sleep
weather insomnia or not is so
frustrating really awake and you're like
I feel awake right now but I know that
as soon as I have to be awake all I'm
going to want to do is sleep and I'm
going to feel like overtired like
garbage so I I relate to that 100% many
like a few times at least when I was in
Korea you know teach a full day of
classes come home can't fall asleep
teach another full day of classes then
go home they sleep for like two hours
be like why can't I sleep just the most
frustrating feeling one of the more
frustrating feelings at least but my
insomnia ever since I started doing this
job it has worked itself out like nine
8% it's probably like one day every two
months where I I get like four hours of
sleep like I find it hard to fall asleep
but once I'm out I'm out like a light
I think it's because I don't have
anything to wake up for if I have to
wake up for anything it's a nightmare
you know even if it's like I'll have to
be awakened 9 a.m. I go to bed at like 2
I said like 8 5855 9:00 9:05 9:10 9:15
and then one Hail Mary like 9:30 alarm
that's like if you're seeing this you
better be out of the house so I think
it's for me it's like not having to be
up as is what allows me to fall asleep
more easily but I think the reason some
other youtubers end up with like busted
sleep schedules is quite the opposite is
that without having like a place that
they have to be they they're never
forced to maintain a routine and as a
result you know they're like I'm not
tired so I'm not going to go to sleep
and then they don't go to sleep for like
an extra hour and then it just starts
that cycle it's the summer vacation
cycle you know like your sleep schedule
just gets off by like an hour more every
single day I can relate to that as well
and I'm happy I've found my groove it's
honestly one of the reasons a little
inside baseball year but hopefully at
least interesting while also being
completely ridiculous it's one of the
reasons I like the NL SS being in the
early afternoon it means my sleep
schedule actually cannot get worse than
waking up at like 2:00 p.m. actually the
more like waking up at 1:00 p.m. because
the half the shows are at 2:00 p.m. now
anyway so that might seem ridiculous but
you know a lot of people waking up like
5 or 6 so I'm happy I have something
that kind of anchors me it's like you
know I'm not about to miss a show
because I you know I woke up late
because I'm gonna get first off it's my
job and I feel bad and then there's the
monetary issue of like I'm basically
skipping a day of earning and then
there's the element of like I'm going to
get roasted because I couldn't wake up
for 2 p.m. that's ridiculous but
honestly having like that degree of
routine is
important for me I think as a means if
it ever gets to be like 4:00 in the
morning I'm like I don't want to stay up
because I have to be up soon but I don't
deign to have all the answers it's a pet
peeve of mine
people go oh you know all you have
depression well I used to be sad and
then I just watched a great British Bake
Off and now I'm happy all the time so
that's you know that's I'm actually like
essentially ignorant of what depression
feels like I'm just using that as an
example of something that I hear all the
times I haven't you have anxiety yeah
you know sometimes when I'm on a roller
coaster I get nervous but then I just
thought I'm probably not gonna die and
they didn't solved itself you know it's
it's not really helpful Janice your your
anecdotal evidence is not helpful Janice
you're describing a normal range of
human emotions not brain chemistry run
amok Janice I don't know anybody named
Janice which is why I'm leaning on this
so hard because I can be like the
ultimate insult if I actually have just
forgotten someone I know named Janice
first it's like she's talking about me
oh you doesn't even know I exist
Oh bill two golden hearts here not even
mad we're gonna try to get boss fresh
but we'll see how it goes so yeah I like
in really saves if you have trouble
sleeping you know I understand your your
concerns resonate with me for a lot of
my life probably like once a week I
would get like you know three hours of
sleep or less now it's three hours of
sleep or less is actually once a year
that's like hey we booked a flight and
it's at like 8 a.m. which means we have
to be at the airport at 6 a.m. which
means we have to be in a taxi at you
know 5:30 a.m. that's like the okay well
tomorrow is just going to stink that's
so I was gonna suck and then it'll be
good that's like a once-a-year thing
yeah you
four or five our sleeps maybe like once
once every two months or something like
that if I oh I didn't go to the item
room I did go to the anima meeting go to
the shop it's still pretty bad but it's
like hate quit bragging basically hey
let me inundate you with how healthy my
sleep life is well you watch this in bed
and are distracted by me speaking a
little bit louder than usual right now
jerk move a nail jerk move No thank you
sir okay well here's the deal if it
doubled I would have I would have taken
the items and gone for it but without a
doubling now because I'm going to play
click pose as you jump without doubling
I can't justify it we got a cool run
going on here though don't squander your
devil deal champ this is like the the
worst setup you can add for devil deals
we whipped on a good chance and lost the
spirit heart so now we have 100% chance
but if we ever get hit without getting a
spirit heart first you know is the whole
thing comes undone so it is very very
squander able right now and I can't help
but think that for farting babies is not
necessarily going to help me that much
but what about a partridge in a pear
tree full outing babies 3 spider mods
[Music]
2.67 luck and spacebar is crooked penny
let's try that again for 5 squandered
winds for fighting dude 3 spider mods
2.67 luck
and now spacebar is crooked pan he is
why nobody invites me to go caroling
they always invited me once and I go I'm
not a very good singer and they go oh
that's no problem we just do it for fun
and then and never get a callback
I warned you I'm cognizant of my own
weaknesses in the acoustic Department I
think lyrically speaking if you ever
need somebody to come up with you know
parodies on the fly I've got a got a
fast brain when it comes to searching
the rhyming dictionary and you know
trying to make a bit up on the fly and
I'm very grateful for that I think
that's a relatively rare skill and a
valuable one to have in this business it
helps to be quick with it and at the
risk of Tooting my own horn I think I
fit the bill but singing just garbage
try I try to walk away and I choke I
might try to say goodbye and I choke
that's it frickin ruin it but yeah the
singing is just does not does not work
with my brain for whatever reason if you
play me two pitches simultaneously I'll
go yeah oh that one's higher that one's
lower this is not a joke by the way if
you play me unnoted and play me another
note that's different
I'll be like that's the same note I
think something on a on a tonal level is
like broken in my brain or you can play
like in like an A or something you could
play like an F right after it and I'll
be like that's the same note excuse me
excuse me sir
you know I'm meant to be the Bernie
Taupin
to somebody else's Elton John the Louis
Vuitton John Louie Elton John there we
go it works took an extra second I'm not
gonna waste my doubling on a Bob's
rotten head what do we do get our get a
solo Bob transformation it probably
doesn't work well we do still have the
deal with the devil slash angel awfully
at this point we got HP and the runs not
set in stone that we're going to win so
I'd really welcome the deal with the the
devil to be honest we should have been
hit there and walk this dog through
spider mud
little little anxious about this mr.
Fred been showing up with a little bit
more common lately but not with a little
bit more in a way been show I have a
little bit more commonly lately commonly
it's the bus on the womb this is not the
tune then and remember I have to admit I
go to like probably the grocery store
with the best soundtrack I've ever been
a part of in my life I'm going to
continue to anecdote momentarily
obviously I mean we'll take the ability
to fly why not double it but I don't
what do we get for doubling the ability
to fly right oh no that was not smart
we're at the grocery store yesterday
what did they play first song so no one
told you life was gonna be this way yeah
that's right the friends theme song I'll
be there for you by the Rembrandt's it's
a song you only hear in grocery stores
these days the rest of planet Earth is
like get that song out of my face
grocery stores are like our time is now
you never hear the second verse of that
song it's always only the friends part
so you hear the second verse is like you
know seeing your teachers at the grocery
store is like the real human beings to
paraphrase Mean Girls in like the worst
way possible um good movie by the way
second track do you think you're better
off alone who do you think you're better
off alone you know that's right Alice DJ
better off alone
pam pam pam pam dance dance standing
standing standing sent not a very good
song but it's been forever since I heard
it third song was rhythm is a dancer
it's a serious answer something I can't
remember the lyrics but it's a sure
companion and something something in the
air I don't know when the grocery stores
all decided to play like you know early
90s popular day
music but I'm for it they did play what
is love but I almost want to mention you
can see little meme song but do our
damage is three point four I'm starting
to get a little salty about this either
way
we start rate of fire is great they also
played that one that goes like get over
yourself goodbye something something
something something something something
yeah yeah I frickin get over yourself
goodbye that's Eden's Crush you get over
yourself there's a Canadian I didn't
realize so oh wait no that's evens
crushes American sorry I thought evens
crushes the Canadian one I'm thinking of
something cherry from the television
show pop stars let me Stevens crush
that's right it has Nicole scare singer
in it dude I went through this exact
like methodology very recently because I
pulled Dan I was like even his crush pop
stars Nicole Scherzinger and I'm
forgotten it and purged it from my
memory but now it's back I I don't know
how I mind flooded myself into believing
that this run was great it's not
terrible but it's like pretty bad we
have 3.5 damage on the womb two
hilariously we made boss rush chose not
to do it we will make the hush fight now
tonight straight we're going to choose
not to do it now three point five damage
no way I'm doing the hush fight you know
you have to give me two hours of my time
back that the Dover is going to be
firing shots endlessly I'm just looking
for a tinted ruckus you know I don't
want to always find time on this room
fighting these enemies have no respect
for me what do you think secret room
with no secret room access I'm out of
here
like Kevin O'Leary on shark tank ever
since he was a turncoat went to the
United States to make more money on
television came back to try to win the
leadership of the Conservative Party and
then in you know a surprising sort of
like one-two punch dropped out of the
race to endorse another candidate and
then that candidate lost that's exactly
what we just did right there
please don't get hit get these farting
babies lined up as an impenetrable
shield they're not going to block beams
though and they shots can curve past the
wall but dude they're there holding the
line that was actually sweet we didn't
get to doesn't matter what they say I
mean this is from the professor that day
with Janet Jackson number two Eddie
Murphy as Sherman blue okay I don't know
I mean it is off the Nutty Professor to
soundtrack ins doesn't matter doesn't
really matter by Janet Jackson but we
don't need to go down this road like a
hundred percent here I'm kind of like
focusing on it a lot I just slipped into
this voice but I'm kind of like dude I'm
not mad I just think it's funny that you
would give me a run with 3.4 damage on
the cathedral like I think it you know
you're welcome to do that but it says a
lot about the kind of game you are right
now honestly and I guess the joke's on
me because I thought we had something a
little different more respectful going
here but clearly I'm the fool that arts
but it's not like we had a devil chance
regardless
oh come on Damien you guys you know 10
HP dollar dude I can't pay my dinners
with 10 HP okay I like Wagyu beef
this is strip loin damage at best
can't even get a side of Brussels
sprouts Damien's very concerned about
his posh dietary needs how am I supposed
to get the kale go my I've only got 3.67
damage on the third floor riddle me this
now it's become like a valley girl I
don't know we're getting into dangerous
territory there's a lot of characters
from the NL SS I don't want to revisit
like Daryl the social outcast who may
have also murdered his family and
worship Sifl that characters got some
got some work shopping to do but I
really like tarik who is not tarik from
flip this house or love it or list or
whatever the heck but you know Terry K
this is hey I'm Tarek me and my brother
Derrick run a social media firm and
we're here to pump up your image first
stop bro you want to get a million
followers
you got to delete all the anti-semitic
tweets those are not very Tarek right
now they are not popping off I'm going
to need you to put a cork in that
speaking of which we do in a live remote
this week at a winery we'd love you to
bring down your fondant Zinfandels
and/or Cabernet Sauvignon that character
is from an HD TV show or like a
maybe more like an e entertainment show
look I used to be Thomas Sizemore's
assistant and this attitude does not fly
in Hollywood let me tell you that
actually might just be Nick crawls Bala
Bobby bottleservice without the accent
whatever no because I pictured tarik is
like extremely yolks he's jacked but
then he has like an image that hides his
Jack miss like he wears like a purple
t-shirt that costs three hundred and
seventy five dollars and then over top
of that I've got a blazer because my
image says I'm here to have I'm here for
business there's nothing to say that
business can't be pleasurable as well
that's the Terek brand and that's why I
got the blue checkmark that would be the
name of the show right there bro you got
to take more pictures of brunches
brunches are hot this week I want you to
get some hollandaise get some fried eggs
get some English muffins make yourself a
been easy take a picture of it and say
hashtag blessed brunch goals 40 retweets
and you win this week's immunity
challenge the loser will be killed for
sport that's right see you next week on
surviving social media for some reason
I'm your Australian House Paul Hogan
who's now New Zealand need for some
raising an interception to a little
Michael kind of Dan yeah that's right
I'm we should just kill them all
demonic Michael Caine wouldn't what got
into you actually ever since the
apocalypse happen I just got a taste for
human flesh slightly changed my voice as
well in case you didn't notice not quite
that cockney charm I used to have a
little bit more Ricky Lee thing go ever
since we all moved to us
now I don't know I got a little bi you
think okay let's good forgivers and
comment airily on this run but do you
see the fact that we have the five point
six seven left but yet three point four
zero damage makes me want to cry
at least that works okay we're going to
double our damage we already got
bookworm I think so
it's not super relevant we definitely
want this we definitely don't care about
that but we'll take it regardless and
you'll listen odd mushroom is a modest
damage increased robo-baby 2.0 nobody
cares
- good pills please - all - good pills
we can't take advantage of but still
just keep them at a distance treat these
guys like I store mushrooms feed them
these you can keep them in the dock
watch my language a little bit just a
word NL I know okay and like I know I'm
with you
clink twice being held against your will
yum hard I want to explore the floor
because we have six luck so way we give
me a second six luck is giving some hope
to me we could salvage this mediocre
[Music]
yeah it's this love by maroon 5 you know
I'm not the biggest Adam Levine family
we gotta admit the kids got a voice he's
also like 10 years older than me I just
called him a kid which is insulting but
you know what I'm starting to think that
guy just might make it with a little
can-do attitude and some luck won't be
the last time you've heard the name Adam
Levine and every time you'd say
something like that in an episode you
just mutter a prayer under your breath
please don't die in a terrible accident
before this video comes out not only
because that would invalidate 38 minutes
and 54 seconds of work on my end but it
would also make me look like a terrible
human being you know what I'm out dog
I'm out like Brett W Wilson was after
the third season of Dragon's Den because
he was too nice to say no to people
so telepathy V mega Satan I mean you saw
work there seems pretty dolt if you ask
me hey bro tarik here just got to let
you know dope is so last week
now we say dead ass I don't know what
that means
Eric I don't know Terry why are you in
my house bro you gotta lock your doors
locking your doors is like a plus floor
sorry I misspoke you didn't hear that
locking your doors is like a plus four
on cloud this week bro hope you don't
mind stole your car as well
ate some of your food today I'm going to
be honest you tarik doesn't have
anywhere else to go
Vanessa threw me out because I call the
Vanessa but her name is Vanessa and I
gotta say calling your wife by the wrong
name is very not in this week extremely
not cool but I'm waiting on my sources
to report back with some data on that
tarik out but also still here
something's going through our hearts I
feel bad for that guy
you know it's it's hard to be a social
media guru this day and age maybe I
don't know I've got some pretty good
social media advice it's take pictures
of your cats when you want to and
everything is going to be okay
stop shooting your beams at me telepathy
does not stop beams and this presents a
problem for me we should be using that
this line of farting babies to stop any
and all like potential incursions on a
my real estate here bro you got to stop
calling it my real estate property
ownership is at an all-time high in
terms of public division right now
season means of production is super hot
right now let's go please be dead I'm a
little nervous we're going to die I mean
we got no streak what do I care let the
bodies hit the floor that's what I
always say we drop the cancer trinket
now that I've realized that I'm feeling
a little silly that's the main value of
celebrity right there
dude yeah dude now I'm not talking I'm
talking to the audience tarik sorry dude
misunderstanding the person that you're
talking to is very in I'm out goodbye
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode Vida click the like button
outside a great deal of course subscribe
if you want to see more in the future
that's all hello nobody you enjoyed the
episode click the like button now set a
great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more the future but for now
thanks for watching you got to click
that like button bro it's really in this
week and subscribe you want to see more
in the future of course that's hot right
now I'll see you next time will you come
back if I promise to never do the tarik
voice again